README.md, before:

# magda-auth-arcgis

![Version: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Magda Authentication Plugin Template. You can use this as a base to build your own Magda Authentication Plugin.

Requires MAGDA version 0.0.58 or above.

To deploy the authentication plugin with your MAGDA instance, please check [MAGDA Gateway Helm Chart Document](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/deploy/helm/internal-charts/gateway/README.md).

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/magda-io/magda-auth-arcgis>

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/magda-io/magda-auth-arcgis>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>= 1.14.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| arcgisClientId | string | `""` | ArcGIS Client ID |
| arcgisInstanceBaseUrl | string | `""` | ArcGIS Server Base URL |
| authPluginConfig.authenticationMethod | string | `"IDP-URI-REDIRECTION"` | The authentication method of the plugin. Support values are: <ul> <li>`IDP-URI-REDIRECTION`: the plugin will rediredct user agent to idp (identity provider) for authentication. e.g. Google & fackebook oauth etc.</li> <li>`PASSWORD`: the plugin expect frontend do a form post that contains username & password to the plugin for authentication.</li> <li>`QR-CODE`: the plugin offers a url that is used by the frontend to request auth challenge data. The data will be encoded into a QR-code image and expect the user scan the QR code with a mobile app to complete the authentication request.</li> </ul> See [Authentication Plugin Specification](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/docs/docs/authentication-plugin-spec.md) for more details |
| authPluginConfig.iconUrl | string | `"/icon.svg"` | the display icon URL of the auth plugin. |
| authPluginConfig.key | string | `"test-auth-plugin"` | the unique key of the auth plugin. Allowed characters: [a-zA-Z0-9\-] |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormExtraInfoContent | string | `""` | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". If present, will displayed the content underneath the login form to provide extra info to users. e.g. how to reset password Can support content in markdown format. |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormExtraInfoHeading | string | `""` | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". If present, will displayed the heading underneath the login form to provide extra info to users. e.g. how to reset password |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormPasswordFieldLabel | string | "Password" | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormUsernameFieldLabel | string | "Username" | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". |
| authPluginConfig.name | string | `"Test Auth Plugin"` | the display name of the auth plugin. |
| authPluginConfig.qrCodeAuthResultPollUrl | string | `""` | Only applicable & compulsory when authenticationMethod = "QR-CODE". The url that is used by frontend to poll the authentication processing result. See [Authentication Plugin Specification](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/docs/docs/authentication-plugin-spec.md) for more details |
| authPluginConfig.qrCodeExtraInfoContent | string | `""` | Only applicable & compulsory when authenticationMethod = "QR-CODE". If present, will displayed the content underneath the login form to provide extra info to users. e.g. how to download moile app to scan the QR Code. Can support content in markdown format. |
| authPluginConfig.qrCodeExtraInfoHeading | string | `""` | Only applicable & compulsory when authenticationMethod = "QR-CODE". If present, will displayed the heading underneath the QR Code image to provide extra instruction to users. e.g. how to download moile app to scan the QR Code |
| authPluginConfig.qrCodeImgDataRequestUrl | string | `""` | Only applicable & compulsory when authenticationMethod = "QR-CODE". The url that is used by frontend client to request auth challenge data from the authentication plugin. See [Authentication Plugin Specification](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/docs/docs/authentication-plugin-spec.md) for more details |
| authPluginRedirectUrl | string | `nil` | the redirection url after the whole authentication process is completed. Authentication Plugins will use this value as default. The following query paramaters can be used to supply the authentication result: <ul> <li>result: (string) Compulsory. Possible value: "success" or "failure". </li> <li>errorMessage: (string) Optional. Text message to provide more information on the error to the user. </li> </ul> This field is for overriding the value set by `global.authPluginRedirectUrl`. Unless you want to have a different value only for this auth plugin, you shouldn't set this value. |
| authPluginRedirectUrl | string | `nil` | the redirection url after the whole authentication process is completed. Authentication Plugins will use this value as default. The following query paramaters can be used to supply the authentication result: <ul> <li>result: (string) Compulsory. Possible value: "success" or "failure". </li> <li>errorMessage: (string) Optional. Text message to provide more information on the error to the user. </li> </ul> This field is for overriding the value set by `global.authPluginRedirectUrl`. Unless you want to have a different value only for this auth plugin, you shouldn't set this value. |
| autoscaler.enabled | bool | `false` | turn on the autoscaler or not |
| autoscaler.maxReplicas | int | `3` |  |
| autoscaler.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaler.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| defaultAdminUserId | string | `"00000000-0000-4000-8000-000000000000"` | which system account we used to talk to auth api The value of this field will only be used when `global.defaultAdminUserId` has no value |
| defaultImage.imagePullSecret | bool | `false` |  |
| defaultImage.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| defaultImage.repository | string | `"docker.io/data61"` |  |
| esriOrgGroup | string | `""` | Optional; ArcGIS Org Group |
| global | object | `{"authPluginRedirectUrl":"/sign-in-redirect","externalUrl":"","image":{},"rollingUpdate":{}}` | only for providing appropriate default value for helm lint |
| image | object | `{}` |  |
| replicas | int | `1` | no. of initial replicas |
| resources.limits.cpu | string | `"50m"` |  |
| resources.requests.cpu | string | `"10m"` |  |
| resources.requests.memory | string | `"30Mi"` |  |

Commit message:

should only set urls when options.arcgisInstanceBaseUrl is not blank

README.md, after:

# magda-auth-arcgis

![Version: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Magda Authentication Plugin Template. You can use this as a base to build your own Magda Authentication Plugin.

Requires MAGDA version 0.0.58 or above.

To deploy the authentication plugin with your MAGDA instance, please check [MAGDA Gateway Helm Chart Document](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/deploy/helm/internal-charts/gateway/README.md).

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/magda-io/magda-auth-arcgis>

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/magda-io/magda-auth-arcgis>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>= 1.14.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| arcgisClientId | string | `""` | ArcGIS Client ID |
| arcgisInstanceBaseUrl | string | `""` | ArcGIS Server Base URL If left blank, default urls (i.e. https://www.arcgis.com/sharing/xxxx) will be used |
| authPluginConfig.authenticationMethod | string | `"IDP-URI-REDIRECTION"` | The authentication method of the plugin. Support values are: <ul> <li>`IDP-URI-REDIRECTION`: the plugin will rediredct user agent to idp (identity provider) for authentication. e.g. Google & fackebook oauth etc.</li> <li>`PASSWORD`: the plugin expect frontend do a form post that contains username & password to the plugin for authentication.</li> <li>`QR-CODE`: the plugin offers a url that is used by the frontend to request auth challenge data. The data will be encoded into a QR-code image and expect the user scan the QR code with a mobile app to complete the authentication request.</li> </ul> See [Authentication Plugin Specification](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/docs/docs/authentication-plugin-spec.md) for more details |
| authPluginConfig.iconUrl | string | `"/icon.svg"` | the display icon URL of the auth plugin. |
| authPluginConfig.key | string | `"arcgis"` | the unique key of the auth plugin. Allowed characters: [a-zA-Z0-9\-] |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormExtraInfoContent | string | `""` | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". If present, will displayed the content underneath the login form to provide extra info to users. e.g. how to reset password Can support content in markdown format. |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormExtraInfoHeading | string | `""` | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". If present, will displayed the heading underneath the login form to provide extra info to users. e.g. how to reset password |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormPasswordFieldLabel | string | "Password" | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". |
| authPluginConfig.loginFormUsernameFieldLabel | string | "Username" | Optional; Only applicable when authenticationMethod = "PASSWORD". |
| authPluginConfig.name | string | `"ArcGIS"` | the display name of the auth plugin. |
| authPluginConfig.qrCodeAuthResultPollUrl | string | `""` | Only applicable & compulsory when authenticationMethod = "QR-CODE". The url that is used by frontend to poll the authentication processing result. See [Authentication Plugin Specification](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/docs/docs/authentication-plugin-spec.md) for more details |
| authPluginConfig.qrCodeExtraInfoContent | string | `""` | Only applicable & compulsory when authenticationMethod = "QR-CODE". If present, will displayed the content underneath the login form to provide extra info to users. e.g. how to download moile app to scan the QR Code. Can support content in markdown format. |
| authPluginConfig.qrCodeExtraInfoHeading | string | `""` | Only applicable & compulsory when authenticationMethod = "QR-CODE". If present, will displayed the heading underneath the QR Code image to provide extra instruction to users. e.g. how to download moile app to scan the QR Code |
| authPluginConfig.qrCodeImgDataRequestUrl | string | `""` | Only applicable & compulsory when authenticationMethod = "QR-CODE". The url that is used by frontend client to request auth challenge data from the authentication plugin. See [Authentication Plugin Specification](https://github.com/magda-io/magda/blob/master/docs/docs/authentication-plugin-spec.md) for more details |
| authPluginRedirectUrl | string | `nil` | the redirection url after the whole authentication process is completed. Authentication Plugins will use this value as default. The following query paramaters can be used to supply the authentication result: <ul> <li>result: (string) Compulsory. Possible value: "success" or "failure". </li> <li>errorMessage: (string) Optional. Text message to provide more information on the error to the user. </li> </ul> This field is for overriding the value set by `global.authPluginRedirectUrl`. Unless you want to have a different value only for this auth plugin, you shouldn't set this value. |
| authPluginRedirectUrl | string | `nil` | the redirection url after the whole authentication process is completed. Authentication Plugins will use this value as default. The following query paramaters can be used to supply the authentication result: <ul> <li>result: (string) Compulsory. Possible value: "success" or "failure". </li> <li>errorMessage: (string) Optional. Text message to provide more information on the error to the user. </li> </ul> This field is for overriding the value set by `global.authPluginRedirectUrl`. Unless you want to have a different value only for this auth plugin, you shouldn't set this value. |
| autoscaler.enabled | bool | `false` | turn on the autoscaler or not |
| autoscaler.maxReplicas | int | `3` |  |
| autoscaler.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaler.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| defaultAdminUserId | string | `"00000000-0000-4000-8000-000000000000"` | which system account we used to talk to auth api The value of this field will only be used when `global.defaultAdminUserId` has no value |
| defaultImage.imagePullSecret | bool | `false` |  |
| defaultImage.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| defaultImage.repository | string | `"docker.io/data61"` |  |
| esriOrgGroup | string | `""` | Optional; ArcGIS Org Group |
| global | object | `{"authPluginRedirectUrl":"/sign-in-redirect","externalUrl":"","image":{},"rollingUpdate":{}}` | only for providing appropriate default value for helm lint |
| image | object | `{}` |  |
| replicas | int | `1` | no. of initial replicas |
| resources.limits.cpu | string | `"50m"` |  |
| resources.requests.cpu | string | `"10m"` |  |
| resources.requests.memory | string | `"30Mi"` |  |
